My role is scrum master, I created the tasks at git product backlog. At the start, I design to use monday.com for marking the working schedule. As it can set the time time, status, and assignees. It will help to manage the tasks well. After a month, the free trial ended. Our group did a discuss keep using it or not. As our client did not have enough budget, is better to move to another platform. Because of the monday.com situation, I understand the need for comparing more platforms and find the most acceptable one. And I told my team about my comparison and suggestion. I had two options, one is TeamGantt, and the other is GitHub. TeamGantt like monday.com, can set the tasks, assigned, and working schedule. The limit is only can create 200 tasks and there is one editor only. For GitHub, the difference is it can not set up a working schedule. Finally, we use GitHub's product backlog as the platform for reviewing our work and they can create tasks if needed. As we do not know how many tasks will have and GitHub can set the priority for tasks. It is easier to follow up. And TeamGantt has the sprint project plan, although they can not edit it, TeamGantt has a clearer display of the schedule.
In the beginning, I assigned tasks to my teammates. I marked down the website page name as the title of the task. But I didn't explain the tasks clearly and had insufficient content, my teammates do not understand what I want to do, although we had met before. After their reminder and suggestion, I know the contents are quite vague, is better to list the tasks according to functions, bugs, and layouts. It will be easy to follow and will not forget. After the meeting, we decided what we will present to the client in the next meeting. Based on the meeting, I updated the priority of tasks for my team to follow. In the product backlog, I learned I had to be the one who fully understand what the project doing and make sure it is on schedule. If I miss understanding some features or flow, our project may move the wrong way. My teammates may work on the tasks with low priority and let our client be a disappointment.
I draw the low-fidelity mockup for the presentation. First of all, I draw the home page, log-in, register, and dashboard pages. After that, based on the size of the dashboard page, start drawing the function page, like the list of surveys, features, uploading tsv file, etc. When I finished all pages, I found that I am too concentrated on the drawing, both sites of paper had drawings, and some of them were oversize, it is across two papers. It is difficult to show them to the client and look ugly. I printed them out because I used a pencil, and the printing can not exhibit well. I had to draw twice time. 
After the presentation on 11th January 2023, our client has a lot of feedback and new ideas on our demo. Some of the feedback is already under our planning, like searching surveys functions,  sorting the surveys according to trees' common name, editing and deleting the records, etc. For some of the ideas, we might not do it or put them in the lower priority. I understand the client will have lots of ideas, however, the ideas will take time, and it will seriously affect the progress. For example, there is a part of the new survey creation, the client will insert the height, crown spread width, and stem circumference. The attribute data on the tree image will be updated. However, the tree image will not be updated, it is strange because the attribute data changes, but the tree keeps the same state. Therefore, the client suggested that the tree follow the height, crown spread width, and stem circumference.
But on the other hand, we concentrate on past experience. And miss out on how to absorb the people. The client can read the blog. But nowadays, people are losing time and patience in reading words and sentence. Especially unattractive content. In hong kong, people like taking photos of autumn foliage, maybe this is a good idea for posting special tree information with the location on holiday. And making an event with the hiking association, let them share our sites. We had to think of other ways to draw attention to the trees.
After discussing with other groups. There are many good reviews and functions that can be put into the project. Both of the websites include a menu bar. Their menu bar showed the title name, but we didn’t. Although Our menu items icons are understandable, the client may not know at first time. We are website developers, and of course, we know everything about the application. But new clients may not. We could add the title or can set a tab when the mouse over the icons.
In our design, most of the functions are working after the client login. One of the groups has a guest user login. It is useful for people who are interested in our websites and want to have a try. They will see the same settings and functions as normal users. We will limit posts and not allow them to submit new surveys, features, and blogs. They have to log in for continuing the submission.
About the tree lists, our sites follow the Greening, Landscape & Tree Management Section Development Bureau's website's method of information display. The worst thing is it did not have the tree image. Most people will not know the tree name they were looking at. There is a group using bird images as each of the list's backgrounds. The idea is easy for people to view. Maybe we could mix two into one, or make a button to switch the view method. The client can have more choices, not limit them.
